story recapped here today i'm
going to show a 2020 south korean
crime horror and mystery film called the
call spoilers ahead watch out and take care
in 2019 kim seou young loses her cell phone on the
way to visit her sick mother in the countryside
back in her childhood home she finds an old
cordless phone as she tracks down her device
the phone rings a distressed woman calling
for someone called sunni the caller hangs up
and she brushes it off thinking that they got the
wrong number after a hostile visit to her mother
seou young comes home to the phone ringing
it's the same caller asking again for sunni
the caller gives out her address and sayo yun
notices that it's the same address as her own home
later that night sayo young wakes up to a loud
noise and finds their family portrait on the floor
as she tries to hang it back up she realizes that
the wall is hollow and starts breaking it with a
hammer she soon discovers a set of stairs leading
down to a basement she explores the basement and
finds a journal the journal dates back to 1999
and is filled with pictures of seo taiji a famous
90s singer as she reads a disturbing entry a
picture of a woman falls out of the journal
the next day seo young learns from songho their
caretaker that the woman's name is yong suk and
her mother was a shaman later that night the
phone rings again the caller screams out that
her mother is going to kill her terrified seo yun
hangs up and sees smoke coming from the basement
the next morning the phone rings again sayo young
asks the caller about her address again and the
caller confirms it judging from the journal seo
young concludes that she must be talking to young
sook the woman who lived in the same house 20
years ago she tells her that she's from the future
young sook doesn't believe her but sayo young
tells her to watch out for a plane crash at gimpo
airport tonight at dinner young sook witnesses
the disaster on television confirming seo young's
claim she calls seo young again and asks about her
life they find out that they're both 28 years old
and sayo yun lets her listen to seo taiji songs
over the phone she also tells yong suk about the
future young sook tells her that her mom isn't her
real mother and that she was born with a terrible
fate sayo young then shares that her father
died from a fire when she was younger because
her mother forgot to turn off the gas valve their
conversation is cut short by young sook's mother
meanwhile in 1999 eight-year-old seo young arrives
at the house with her parents with a real estate
agent hoping to make the house their new home
young sook meets her and realizes that this child
is the same sayo yunhum she's talking to on
the phone young sook calls sayo young in 2019
and lets her listen to her father talking in the
background having not hurt her father for years
sao young breaks down and cries young sook tells
her that she'll help her by saving her father
the next day young sook sneaks out of the
house and takes a bus to saoyun's address
she makes it to their residence just
as soon as seau young's mother leaves
back in the present time sayo yun waits anxiously
for young sook's call just then an unknown number
starts calling her new phone she looks down
and sees the scar on her leg from the fire
disappearing she drops her phone and stands
in shock as the whole room changes around her
she goes out to see the house completely
transformed too in the garden she's shocked
to see her mother well and her father alive she
calls young sook immediately and thanks her for
helping her young sook sits in awe thinking
about the power she now holds in her hands
over the next few days seou young tries to get
used to her new life while young sook leaves signs
around the house for her to discover what she
does in her timeline affects seo yun's timeline
confirming young sook's theory one afternoon
young sook calls seyu yun but this time she
doesn't answer throughout the day young sook
keeps calling her feeling increasingly aggravated
when seo young arrives she apologizes and tells
young sook that she spent the day out with her
parents their conversation is cut short by young
sook's mother who tells her to never call again
meanwhile sayo young grows worried
and starts looking her up online
she finds a news article from 1999 stating that
young sook was killed by her mother during an
exorcism when young so calls her seo young
warns her that her mother is going to kill her
later that night young sook's mother comes into
her room and starts stabbing the figure under the
bed cover only to find out that it's a stuffed toy
young sook emerges from behind and starts laughing
knocking her mother out with a fire extinguisher
she pins her down and stabs her repeatedly
she calls seo young after and says that she is
now reborn back in the present time sunho visits
seou young's family carrying the year's harvest
meanwhile a parallel event is occurring in 1999.
the younger sumo arrives to see an erratic young
sook he accompanies her inside and finds the house
in disarray as he puts away the fruits in the
fridge a trash bag falls out containing the bloody
severed head of young sook's mother back in 2019
saoyan is having dinner with present songho and
her family when the phone rings she answers it and
hears younger songho's voice in the background and
then allowed the before the call ends when seou
young returns to the kitchen she finds songho gone
piecing two and two together she runs to the
police station and learns that somehow was
killed in the 90s by young sook back in 1999 a
young police officer named miyun together with
their chief visit young sook's house investigating
suno's disappearance miyun is instantly suspicious
of jung suk but finding no evidence to link her to
the case they leave when young so calls her later
on seo yoon confronts her about the murders
and tells her that she'll get caught and be
imprisoned for the rest of her life young sook
then demands her to find out how the cops catch
her and reminds her that she was the one who saved
her father's life and starts threatening her life
sayo young then breaks down in her room unable
to fathom the evil she has just unleashed
meanwhile miyun digs up some records and
discovers that young sook has severe antisocial
and borderline personality disorders as young
sook tries to contact seo yun she finds younger
seo young and her father on her doorstep seo yun's
father tells her that they were supposed to meet
today to discuss the final selling of the house
she lures them inside unaware of their brutal fate
at the present time sayo young is spending time
with her father as he teaches her how to drive
as they drive through a tunnel her father starts
disintegrating she cries out as she tries to save
the remaining fragments of her father but it's
too late meanwhile young seo yun looks on in
terror as young sook chops her father into pieces
when seo young wakes up she finds herself alone
in the tunnel she runs back to the house now
abandoned and finds writings on the floor and
blood from young sook telling her to answer
the phone suddenly a phone rings in the room
seo yun answers it and it's young suk she tells
her how she killed her father and now she's going
to kill her younger self she gives sayo young one
hour to find out how the cops will catch her or
else she's going to kill her sayo young screams at
the phone and thrashes the room feeling frustrated
she's lost her father but she can't give up now
through old news articles she learns that a junk
collector discovers young sook's bloody knife and
turns it to the police leading to her capture she
then forms a plan to kill off young suk feeding
her false information seou young leads her to the
strawberry farm where a gas explosion is waiting
to happen things don't go according to plan and
young sook leaves too early with the explosion
leaving her with minor injuries sayo young waits
by the phone and is distraught when it rings
meaning her plan has failed she can only listen
and writhe and paint his young sook pours boiling
water on the child giving her back the burnt scars
that she lost young sook then tells her that
it wasn't her mother's fault that her father
died but rather it was actually sayo young who
turned on the gas valve and forgot to turn it off
leading to her father's demise she calls sayon
a pathological liar and plans to kill her mom
she retrieves the knife and destroys the evidence
desperate for answers sayo young breaks into the
police station and retrieves me yoon's journal
only to learn that her timeline has once again
changed in this time young sook was never caught
by the police the house around her starts to
change and she finds herself in the middle of
young sook's lair she goes to the basement and
finds the phone meanwhile back in 1999 miyun
arrives at the house with seo young's mother
who is looking for her family they explore the
house and ask to use the phone on the other side
the phone starts ringing and sayo young answers
it she warns her mother to get out of the house
immediately but is knocked out by 2019 young sook
with her cover blown young sook takes a knife
and slices miyan's neck back in the present the
phone starts ringing again and a struggle ensues
older young sook tries to strangle seo yun but
she fights back biting her hand to escape her
grasp she grabs the phone and is able to escape
to her room sayo yun's mother has managed to lock
herself in the same room the phone rings again and
she answers it it's her mother calling from 1999.
as they struggle for survival seo young tells her
mother to calm down and grab the fire extinguisher
she waits by the door but hears her
young daughters cry for help outside
she goes out and hugs her daughter with
young silk striking her from behind
she stops the knife with her own hand and pushes
the killer back into the room meanwhile sayo young
waits in the room as she sees the spatter of blood
appearing on the wall and now older young sook has
made it to the room but just as young sook is
about to strike the child the mother appears and
pushes her off the balcony in 2019 sayo young
wakes up and finds herself alone in the house
she runs to the hospital but doesn't find her
mother there fearing the worst she goes to
the cemetery and finds her father's tombstone she
cries thinking her mother has died but when turns
around she finds her alive and well bearing scars
on her neck and hands from that terrible night she
hugs her mother thankful that they both survive
the ordeal and they walk side by side as they
leave the cemetery however things are not over yet
back in 1999 young sook survives the fall and is
called by an older young sook telling her to keep
the phone with her no matter what happens because
that's the only way they can change things the
timeline changes and seo young wakes up finding
herself trapped in the hands of young silk once
again subscribe to watch more videos like this
turn on notifications and leave a like it really
helps the channel out thank you for watching